#!/usr/bin/env bash

lord -w -x @repo --verbose << "EOF"
Refactor the commands in bin/lord and bin/pray.

Used to quickly fetch different AGENTS.md files for use with the lord command.

Note: This is currently a HERE document, but I want to delete the current
implementation and replace it with a very short script that will take a
regex on argv and match it against $EXEC/etc/lord/*.md, catting the file
in cases of a unique match, or saying "The lord cannot hear your prayer:"
followed by the multiple files matched in the case where the match is
empty or non-unique. (Note: $EXEC refers to the repo root.)

I want a clearer separation of the following use cases:

    1.  Unix Command:
        Sometimes we want the agent to act like a unix command with software 2.0 like capabilities,
        for instance in the files bin/grep2, bin/sed2, bin/sort2, and so on.

        In the "act like a unix command" use cases, the agent should somehow be given the AGENTS.md
        file stored in etc/lord/AGENTS-unix-command.md.

    2.  Git Repo:
        Sometimes I want to run the lord command from inside a git repo, have the agent operate on
        all the files in that directory and its subdirectories, and return its results as a series
        of uncommitted changes that I'll inspect with git diff. This is the typical mode of operation
        of most agents, and thus doesn't require much tweaking of the default behavior.

        In the "modify this git repo" use cases, the agent should somehow be given the AGENTS.md
        file stored in etc/lord/AGENTS-unix-command.md.

        We the Nameless:
        This is a LuaLaTeX project I've been working on, involving some pretty intensive LaTeX and
        formatting requirements that are different from a typical software project. This is an
        instance of item 2, except the AGENTS.md file in this case is about 2000 lines long.

    3.  Filesystem:

        Sometimes we want to operate on a directory that is not a git repo.

        In these cases, the default should be that the agent is willing to change
        files, but defaults to asking permission before making changes. There
        should be some simple flag or flags to turn off the asking of permission
        though.


So basically, I want you to keep the bin/lord implementation simple, but
make it easier to switch between profiles by choosing different AGENTS.md files.

There's an issue with how we pass the AGENTS.md file. Ideally we'd do this by passing a
command line flag that says "here's the path to the AGENTS.md file to use," but that
appears not to be possible with codex or codex exec, so the best approach may be to
write a symlink into the current directory that will be deleted when the process finishes.

However, I would also like to be able to run the lord command in places that aren't
git repos, primarily for information gathering (e.g., grep -r like behavior) and
I don't want to have to write an AGENTS.md to the current working directory if
we don't have to.

The lord command should never print logging messages unless -v/--verbose is passed,
and in those cases it should print them to stderr.

You should retain or improve upon the existing system for separating --options from
@options when passed to the lord command, and allow @options to control the behavior
of codex itself, while --options are passed on the lord command's command line,
since we sometimes will be emulating unix commands, and I want the --options to
be passed to those commands via the $@ that we attach after the prompt in examples
like bin/grep2 and bin/sed2.

With all this in mind, use the prompt I just wrote you to:

    I. Do everything I just requested, and also
    II. Use the text of the prompt itself to improve
        the files in etc/lord/AGENTS*.md, so that when
        those files are passed to the lord command either
        via stdin or via the current working directory as
        a file named AGENTS.md, the agent in question will
        understand everything you have understood from the
        prompt you're reading now.

Finally:

Use the bin/lord man page from `man lord` to write a series of tests for the
lord command. The tests shouldn't try to do asserts, they should just be shell
one liners with a certain expected output, and then they should print both.
Keep it simple. And if possible, figure out the right way to make the codex calls so
that the tests run quickly and without using up an unnecessarily large number of tokens,
and add support to bin/lord for changing the amount of 'thinking' or 'effort'
requested from codex exec. I want to be able to make speed vs accuracy tradeoffs
on the command line by passing in well named parameters.

Do that, and make it perfect.
EOF
